Bg azure nsg enhance (#38359)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureNetworkSecurityGroups/ReleaseNotes/1_2_37.md

#### Integrations

##### Azure Network Security Groups

> - Added support for **azure-nsg-public-ip-addresses-list** command that list public ip addresses in a resource group.
> - Added support for **azure-nsg-virtual-networks-list** command that list virtual networks in a resource group.
> - Added support for **azure-nsg-security-group-create** command that creates a network security group in the specified resource group.
> - Added support for **azure-nsg-network-interfaces-create** command that creates or updates a network interface.
> - Added support for **azure-nsg-network-interfaces-list** command that list network interfaces in a resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the following commands:
- ***azure-nsg-public-ip-addresses-list*** that lists public IP addresses in a resource group.
- ***azure-nsg-virtual-networks-list*** that lists virtual networks in a resource group.
- ***azure-nsg-security-group-create*** that creates a network security group in the specified resource group.
- ***azure-nsg-network-interfaces-create*** that creates or updates a network interface.
- ***azure-nsg-network-interfaces-list*** that lists network interfaces in a resource group.
```
